README.md, before:

cppnntplib
==========

Work in progress Usenet / NNTP c++ library

This is a project I'm currently working on, it's no where near ready
yet, I won't offer any support so use at your own risk. Eventually
it will be used in some CLI scripts I will make (downloading headers
and storing them in a database).

I started messing around with libnntp (on googlecode), but I decided to
make my own, I used some stuff from libnntp so thanks the creators of
libnntp and I read the HTTP asio tutorials by captainOz on github
which helped me tremendously (some pretty good tutorials if you want to
learn more about asio sockets).

If you want to test you can edit the config.cfg file (you'll have to
change the article numbers), then compile. You can comment out parts
of test.cpp or edit parts of it to do different things, it has comments
and examples on what most of the things do.

Zlib is required for XFEATURE GZIP COMPRESS.

Compiled fine for me on g++ 4.8.1 on ubuntu 13.10, boost 1.54, also
compiles fine on boost 1.53.

g++ test.cpp nntp.cpp boostRegexExceptions.cpp socket.cpp yencdecode.cpp -o "test" -lboost_system -lpthread -lboost_regex -std=c++11 -lboost_thread -lssl -lcrypto -lz -lboost_iostreams


------------------------------------------------------------------------
Some info for me:


Current commands implemented:

AUTHINFO      (login)

ARTICLE       (only outputs to CLI, use body if you need the message)

BODY          

DATE          (need to parse this with BOOST)

GROUP         

HEAD          

HELP          

LISTGROUP     (need to do more testing on this)

POST          

STAT          (not tested yet)

XFEATURE GZIP COMPRESS

XOVER         (need to store the headers in an array)


Not implemented:

CAPABILITIES  

IHAVE         

LAST          

LIST          

MODE READER   (not needed?)

NEWGROUPS     

NEWNEWS       

NEXT          

OVER          (RFC3977 2006, none of my NNTP providers have this, it's
the same as RFC2980 2000's XOVER which all my providers have)

XHDR          (RFC3977 = HDR, none of my servers have HDR, this command
seems to only display the article number + the subect)

Commit message:

Add more commands, reset some stuff when disconnecting, update the readme, update the namespace.

README.md, after:

cppnntplib
==========

Work in progress Usenet / NNTP c++ library

This is a project I'm currently working on, it's no where near ready
yet, I won't offer any support so use at your own risk. Eventually
it will be used in some CLI scripts I will make (downloading headers
and storing them in a database).

I started messing around with libnntp (on googlecode), but I decided to
make my own, I used some stuff from libnntp so thanks the creators of
libnntp and I read the HTTP asio tutorials by captainOz on github
which helped me tremendously (some pretty good tutorials if you want to
learn more about asio sockets).

If you want to test you can edit the config.cfg file (you'll have to
change the article numbers), then compile. You can comment out parts
of test.cpp or edit parts of it to do different things, it has comments
and examples on what most of the things do.

Zlib is required for XFEATURE GZIP COMPRESS.

Compiled fine for me on g++ 4.8.1 on ubuntu 13.10, boost 1.54, also
compiles fine on boost 1.53.

g++ test.cpp nntp.cpp boostRegexExceptions.cpp socket.cpp yencdecode.cpp -o "test" -lboost_system -lpthread -lboost_regex -std=c++11 -lboost_thread -lssl -lcrypto -lz -lboost_iostreams


------------------------------------------------------------------------
Some info for me:


Current commands implemented:

AUTHINFO      (login)

ARTICLE       (only outputs to CLI, use body if you need the message)

BODY          (fetches the message of the article)

CAPABILITIES  (list of supported capabilities)

DATE          (UTC time of the server, used with NEWNEWS and NEWGROUPS)

GROUP         (tells the server to use a specified group)

HEAD          (single header for a message-id or art #)

HELP          (list of supported commands)

LAST          (previous article, use after ARTICLE/STAT/NEXT)

LIST ACTIVE   (list all groups with their article numbers and post status, optional search wildmat)

LIST ACTIVE.TIMES (list all groups with their creators and create time, optional search wildmat)

LIST NEWSGROUPS (displays list of all groups with descriptions, optional search wildmat)

LISTGROUP     (displays all the article numbers in the group or within a range or higher or lower)

NEXT          (next article)

POST          (upload an article to usenet)

STAT          (asks if the article exists)

XFEATURE GZIP COMPRESS (compression for XOVER/OVER headers)

XOVER         (need to store the headers in an array)


Not implemented:

IHAVE         (used with the MODE READER command)

MODE READER   (used for the IHAVE command)

LIST DISTRIB.PATS

LIST OVERVIEW.FMT (overview format for OVER/XOVER)

NEWGROUPS     (new groups since yyyymmdd hhmmss GMT)

NEWNEWS       (list of message-id's since yyyymmdd hhmmss GMT for the selected group)        

OVER          (RFC3977 2006, none of my NNTP providers have this, it's the same as RFC2980 2000's XOVER which all my providers have)

HDR/XHDR      (RFC3977 = HDR, none of my servers have HDR, this command displays the article number + the subect)

LIST HEADERS  (used to set the fields displayed by HDR/XHDR so it can display more than just subject + anumber)
